Fix up bmaptool (#676)
labgrid-project/labgrid: CHANGES.rst

  ``--skip``, ``--seek``.
- UBootDriver now allows overriding of default boot command (``run bootcmd``)
  via new ``boot_command`` argument.

> - ``labgrid-client write-image`` gained new arguments: ``--mode`` to specify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``labgrid-client write-image`` gained a new argument: ``--mode`` to specify
```
